what's up guys Mustang here today I'm
going to teach you how to burst as a
Windwalker monk in 5.4 as you saw from
the video at the beginning when Walker
monks do incredibly devastating damage
now five point four and although this
video was pre nerf on Tiger I brute
which was 92 like 90% damage before
monks do he'll do incredible amounts of
damage here I'm doing a mage and I don't
get as much damage on my fists of fury
as I want because of his pet but I still
do tons of damage and I kill him
incredibly fast I know he's just
standing there but when Walker monks do
incredible damage so now I'm just going
to talk about the basics the priorities
and some guidelines so there's only a
couple of guidelines with one Walker
monk when you're doing damage and
building up towards your first but
something you have to keep in mind is
that when Walker monk is not as great at
first class you can't just run in pops
when do tons of burst and kill somebody
monk has to build up like a volcano so
always keep in mind that you have to
keep your Tiger power buff up from using
tiger palm and then you have to keep the
debuff on your Rising Sun kick up all
you have to do is use Rising Sun kick
and you get a 20% debuff on the enemy
which will basically increase how much
damage is due to them by 20% and then
after that it's very simply basically
just jab and blackout kick jab and black
okay if you get below 80% health you use
expel harm to get Chi use the Rising Sun
kick on cooldown and whenever you get
the chance Fist of Fury on a single
target to do more damage now guys once
you reach the 10 stacks you need to
choose or I said decide whether or not
it's a good time to first pay attention
to the enemy's cooldowns and how they're
playing they have defensive cooldown up
not use your burst if they're playing
defensively wait for a better
opportunity to burst
so guys once you have your 10 stacks and
you're ready to burst all you have to do
is pop your tiger at BlueStacks when and
your offensive trinket I'm going to put
the trinket macro I have in the
description it's basically just when
with the trinket it's really easy little
burst cooldown macro and you combine
that with tiger eye brew the reason I
don't have tiger eye brew macro
there's because I don't always use them
together so guys that's pretty much been
the quick rundown of how to do damage
and versus a wind Walker monk if you're
looking for more video similar to this
one all you got to do is like and
subscribe